Docs: Update `migrate.sh` documentation (#2389)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/howto/manage-web-app-charms/use-web-app-charm.rst

without issue. Handling multiple migration scripts that run concurrently
can be achieved by, for example, locking any tables during the migration.

> Using the ``migrate.sh`` file is not mandatory. You can use programmatic approaches
> instead of the script. Some popular libraries for programmatic database migration
> include:
> 
> - Flask and FastAPI: `Alembic
> <https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/>`__
> - Go: `golang-migrate <https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/>`__ or
> `goose <https://github.com/pressly/goose/>`__ .
> - Express: `prisma
> <https://www.npmjs.com/package/prisma/>`__ or
> `knex <https://www.npmjs.com/package/knex/>`__ .
> 

Reviewer: This tightens the language and fixes the rendering:

```suggestion
Using ``migrate.sh`` isn't mandatory. You can use programmatic approaches instead. Some
popular libraries for programmatic database migration are:

- `Alembic <https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/>`__ for Flask and FastAPI.
- `golang-migrate <https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/>`__ or `goose
   <https://github.com/pressly/goose/>`__ for Go.
- `prisma <https://www.npmjs.com/package/prisma/>`__ and `knex
   <https://www.npmjs.com/package/knex/>`__ for Express.
```
